AFM: Docs for the April release (#29)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/afm-add-schedule.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> You can add schedules to a monitor on more than one schedule if you need to run the monitor's test at irregular intervals. For example, you might want to run the test three times daily: 8 in the morning, noon, and 8 in the evening. To do so, you would run the test on three separate schedules.

Reviewer: I think this line is confusing. For this cases os better to create an advanced cron Expression that cover this case. The multiple schedules makes more sense if you have multiple locations to run or multiple configurations

Author: @diegor , I've changed this to "You can add schedules to a monitor on more than one schedule if you need to each schedule to run the monitor from a different location, or if you uploaded a monitor that includes multiple configuration files and you want each schedule to use a different configuration."

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> You can add schedules to a monitor on more than one schedule if you need to each schedule to run the monitor from a different location, or if you uploaded a monitor that includes multiple configuration files and you want each schedule to use a different configuration.

Reviewer 2: How about this:
```suggestion
You can have multiple different monitor schedules if you need schedules to run the monitor from different locations. You can also have different schedules if you upload a monitor that includes multiple configuration files and you want each schedule to use a different configuration.
```

You can add a schedule to an existing monitor if either of the following two conditions is true:

* You plan to run the monitor's test from a public location and the allocation of schedules for your organization in Anypoint Platform is not exhausted.
* You plan to run the monitor's test from a private location.

== Procedure

. In the list of monitors, select the monitor to which you want to add a schedule.

> . On the details page for the monitor, follow one of these steps:

Reviewer 2: Is there navigation involved between this step and the one previous?
If so, do we need to specify that? Is what we are calling a "details page" clear to the user?

+

> *  If at least one schedule already exists, click the three dots in the entry for a schedule and then select *Add Schedule*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  If at least one schedule exists, click the three dots in the entry for a schedule and then select *Add Schedule*.
```

+

> * If no schedule yet exists, click *Add Schedule*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If no schedule exists, click *Add Schedule*.
```

. In the *Add Schedule* dialog, specify this information:
+
* The location to run the test from
* The frequency at which to run the test
. Click *Add Schedule*.

== See Also

> * The section "The `config` Folder" in * xref:bat-example-test-suite.adoc[Example of a Test Suite]

Reviewer 2: The section title should not use formatting; no titles should include formatting:
```suggestion
* The config Folder section in * xref:bat-example-test-suite.adoc[Example of a Test Suite]
```

* xref:afm-monitoring-public-apis.adoc[Monitoring the Endpoints of Public APIs]

> * xref:afm-monitoring-private-apis.adoc[Monitoring the Endpoints of Private APIs and Mixes of Both Public and Private APIs]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:afm-monitoring-private-apis.adoc[Monitoring the Endpoints of Private or Public Plus Private APIs]
```
